OSDOCS-10792 OCP 4.15.16 RNs (#76835)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-15-release-notes.adoc

For any {product-title} release, always review the instructions on xref:../updating/updating_a_cluster/updating-cluster-web-console.adoc#updating-cluster-web-console[updating your cluster] properly.
====

[id="ocp-4-15-16"]

> === RHBA-2024:3488 - {product-title} 4.15.16 bug fix and security update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== RHBA-2024:3488 - {product-title} 4.15.16 bug fix and enhancement update
```
Don't see any RHSAs attached to this one, so wonder if "security" should be swapped out for "enhancement."

Issued: 2024-06-05

> {product-title} release 4.15.16 is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:3488[RHBA-2024:3488] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:3491[RHBA-2024:3491] advisory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} release 4.15.16 is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in this update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:3488[RHBA-2024:3488] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in this update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:3491[RHBA-2024:3491] advisory.
```

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.15.16 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-15-16-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

* Previously, in HAProxy 2.6 deployments on {product-title}, shutting down HAproxy could result in a race condition. The main thread `(tid=0)` would wait for other threads to complete, but some threads would enter an infinite loop, consuming 100% CPU. With this release, the variable controlling the loop's termination is now properly reset, preventing non-main threads from looping indefinitely. This ensures that the thread's poll loop can terminate correctly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33883[*OCPBUGS-33883*])

> * Previously, the console operator health check controller had a missing return statement, which caused the operator to crash unexpectedly in some cases. With this release, the issue has been fixed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33720[*OCPBUGS-33720*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the console Operator health check controller had a missing return statement, which caused the Operator to crash unexpectedly in some cases. With this release, the issue has been fixed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33720[*OCPBUGS-33720*])
```
See https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.15/html/web_console/customizing-web-console, step 2.
I also don't see "health check controller" anywhere in the docs, so wonder if this is what we typically call this (or if we've never had need to mention before).

Author: I'll ask.

Author: It's an internal component so I don't think we have docs on it.

> * Previously, the `wait-for-ceo` command used during the bootstrapping process to verify etcd rollout would not report errors for some failure modes. With this release, those error messages should now be visible on the `bootkube` script if the command exits in an error case. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33564[*OCPBUGS-33564*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the `wait-for-ceo` command used during the bootstrapping process to verify etcd rollout did not report errors for some failure modes. With this release, those error messages are visible on the `bootkube` script if the `wait-for-ceo` command exits in an error case. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33564[*OCPBUGS-33564*])
```
